okay now story now awake the signal DLC
I'm not going to talk about that much
mostly because if you it pretty much
continue straight from the ending so if
I have to explain it then it'll kind of
ruin the ending it actually will ruin
anything so I'm not going to explain it
at all i'm gonna say it's just like Alan
Wake irregular it's great it's fantastic
so there you go dawn so let's go on to
the sound evaluate the signal okay now
sound in this game is really really good
i have to admit it's only an hour and a
half but I mean the environmental sounds
the spooky sound effects all are still
as good as the original game the voice
overs are good the voice of Alan is
definitely fits its character the voice
of what's his name Tom insane it's very
like a mystifying a little bit and you
know you definitely trust a guy cuz they
sound he has a voice that you trust he's
like Alan I am Jesus if you put watch my
plate there I call him Jesus a lot
you'll see why he's pretty much a light
in the sky come on anyway overall the
sound effects overall the sound
everything for the sound is really
really good just like the original game
let's go into the graphics of Alan Wake
ok now the graphics in the dlc are just
as good as the graphics on Ellen week
one so i gotta say first of all the
graphics are amazing now actually i
would say they're probably a little bit
better maybe because it had two more
months to polish maybe Helena it's also
much shorter so maybe they had more time
to just focus on the graphics themselves
I think they look better because it's
much more moody much more dark you get a
couple new enemy types view you get TVs
this time that try to kill you that's
pretty awesome I think you get books
that try to kill you you get more of
those word things if you know you know
I'm talking about if you've played till
the end you get more of those word
things though it'll say phone and if you
put light to it a phone will appear you
know has more of those things
and those are really cool just like the
explosions is more explosions and stuff
more darkness around everywhere it just
looks great overall Alan Wake is one of
the best looking games I've ever seen
except the character models the
character models aren't that great and
not really different here you don't get
many cg cutscenes so yeah you just get
mostly the game itself so still the
character models are okay but not great
the environments are fantastic though so
let's go on to the gameplay of alameda
signal ok now to gameplay if you watch
my plate there you wouldn't notice that
i think on screen at once that could be
up to freaking 50 enemies because i
think i fought about hundred bad guys in
the whole frickin plate there it's only
our game really hour and 15 minutes otay
it's really really really really
repetitive I have to make it's a little
too repetitive but I have to say the
first half of it was really really
spooky the next half is where he got
really repetitive really so I got a man
I got it got a little too repetitive in
the next half but the first half is
really spooky you don't get that many
enemies but later on is a part where
they just keep appearing and you have to
get across this thing there is no set
limit for these guys they'll just keep
apparent until you get across this part
and that was a pretty you know pretty
scary part but still there's too many
freaking guys to fight I mean it all you
do is shine a light on them and then
they become human it's not like it
should be a it should be a more
rewarding than you know like and one
part you got four and then you walk a
little bit walk a little bit then you
have to not you walk here you have 50
walk here you have an hour Tony yeah
it's a little bit to my ink dynasty
warriors don't turn out when waking to
dynasty still dynasty warriors I don't
want to see that but overall for a free
DLC I got for free if you if you bought
the game new you got it for free so for
a free DLC I really liked it even though
it got a little repetitive I wouldn't
say really really repented we got a
little repetitive okay maybe I was being
a little bit too harsh before for free
DLC I have to admit I really really
liked it so I'm just gonna give it a
score if you love that awake like I did
then what are you waiting for if you
have a dlc code if you have seven bucks
go get it right now if you didn't like
Alan Wake
no reason to get it if you didn't get
your brain checked so anyway no I'm just
kidding if you didn't like it then fine
overall I'll give this DLC at 8.3 at ten
I really liked it that's a random score
but whatever 8.3 out of 10 mostly
because it gets a little repetitive but
the story and everything else is great
so definitely definitely definitely a
good DLC definitely for free definitely
definitely definitely anyway I'm done
cheerio